DOCS-191 - Add note to Root Cause Explorer for Kanso (#4131)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/observability/root-cause-explorer.md

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/observability/rootcause.png')} alt="rootcause.png" width="50"/>

<!--Kanso 

> :::note
> Root Cause Explorer is deprecated. It is available only in the [Classic UI](/docs/get-started/sumo-logic-ui/). We recommend using other [Observability](/docs/observability/) tools instead.

Reviewer: Bumped this up to "warning" to match other deprecation notices 

```suggestion
:::warning
Root Cause Explorer has been deprecated. It is available only in the [Classic UI](/docs/get-started/sumo-logic-ui/). We recommend using other [Observability](/docs/observability/) tools instead.
```
